(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
(Episode 13)
So you are...
the real Ji Soo.
My...
dead sister?
Ji An,
you should not go to their house.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
Mom.
Mom, how...
How could you?
Mom.
Mom, how could you do that?
How? What should I do?
Mom must have gone mad.
They are...
your real parents, Ji An.
Eun Seok.
On your 20th birthday,
I bought this for your university admission.
Take it. It's your allowance.
I waited 25 years for this moment.
What should I do?
How could you? What should I do?
What should I do, Mom and Dad?
What am I supposed to do now?
What...
Who's calling me now? Goodness.
All right. Let me see.
(Hae Ja)
Yes, Hae Ja. What is it?
Mi Jung, you left Ji Soo's stuff in my car.
Oh, I must've forgotten.
I would have brought it to you,
but I'm changing our water purifier's filter today.
It's okay. I'm on my way now. Okay.
(Manager Jo Tae Gil)
Yes, Manager Jo.
Ji An.
Where did you put the 2009 data for Haesung FNB?
That must be in the data room.
Ha Jung searched there, but she couldn't find it.
I'm sorry, but come in and find the data.
Someone from FNB will come for the data soon.
Okay. I'll be on my way now.
- Here. - Thanks.
Hey, this just came to my mind.
You said you don't want...
to tell your children about the restaurant.
Then don't tell them.
What do you mean?
You said Tae Soo is so against it.
It will just cause trouble.
Just open the restaurant first.
Wait, no.
Just tell them that you got a job.
- A job? - Yes.
In Vietnam, 80 percent of health supplements...
are imported from overseas now.
Most of the supplements are from the US and Korea.
I did hear something about that.
If you're interested in this business,
I assure you I'll export your products to Vietnam.
Our headquarters is in Vietnam.
Let's see that company of yours.
See what?
Your business card.
I must know who you are and where you work for...
to consider your offer.
I don't have a business card yet.
You said your headquarters is in Vietnam.
And yet, you don't have a business card?
No, I don't.
I call myself a businessman,
but how can I forget about the basics? Gosh.
Wait.
Hey, Seok Doo.
Tae Soo, I looked over the data you sent me.
The hearing aids won't be profitable.
A lot of people do have difficulties in hearing,
but there are only a few who can afford them.
Right.
I did think that Vietnam's economy isn't so good.
I'll tell you more after I look over the others.
Sure, sure. Don't worry.
I can look for other potential products.
Hey, and I think I need some business cards.
What do you mean?
You want to move up the 40th anniversary event...
a month before the 40th anniversary?
A suggestion came up in the marketing meeting.
It's linked to the sales of our winter products.
I've accepted it as it was a reasonable suggestion.
You're not to judge if it's reasonable or not.
Don't you think it's my decision to do so?
And if it's directly linked to our sales,
we must discuss about it with our branches.
It's an important matter. How can you decide alone?
Disregarding the chain of command is unacceptable.
I'm sorry. I didn't think that far.
Bring me a detailed report so I can understand...
why we must move up the date of the event.
Yes, sir. I'll bring it up as soon as possible.
That was odd.
It's not like him to show his feelings so visibly.
Yes, Vice President Choi.
Tell Ms. Seo to improve the proposal...
for the anniversary event.
(Haesung FNB, 2009)
(Report on Customer Satisfaction Evaluations)
Give it to me. Give it.
No, that's fine, sir.
- It's the data for 2009. - I see.
Ask the men...
to carry such heavy boxes next time.
It looks like you found it somehow.
Manager Jo, I think I have to go out again.
No, you can't.
The proposal for the anniversary event.
You have to draft one for the president's approval.
The reason for moving up the date seems critical.
Can you do it by tomorrow afternoon?
It's a direct order from the vice president.
I see. I'll work on it.
This is a major event.
Your role will be extremely important.
Okay.
Mom.
Wait. What are those?
You didn't throw this out?
You bought it when you first learned how to bake.
You said you sold all of these off...
and used up the money from them.
I was trying to stop you from baking because...
you were wasting your job as a dental hygienist.
I couldn't put up with it due to my weak stomach.
The insides of people's mouths are disgusting.
Okay. Anyway,
you got a job at a bakery. Do your best.
I was going to bake some bread today,
so I bought these disposable pans.
Thank you, Mom. Thank you.
(Plain Bread)
I'm sure that Mr. Baker didn't use sweet pumpkin.
Since you just opened,
I don't think the wires would be the problem.
Oh, I see. There are dregs from the coffee here.
Right here.
I guess you haven't had your meal today.
Yes, I had a lot of repairs today.
Thank you.
I'm sorry, but are you married?
You aren't, right?
No, it's not that.
Or you've been married before?
Oh, I see.
What's wrong with that? That's nothing these days.
If you're done eating, you can leave the plate.
Do you clean the grinder for the coffee often?
I do it every day.
But still, if you brew a lot of coffee,
you must take good care of it.
Okay.
I'm 39 years old.
Are you done with your food?
- I'll do it. - Gosh!
I'm sorry.
Goodbye.
Let me. Please.
No, you can just leave.
- But you treated me. - I said it's fine!
Please leave!
Excuse me,
but what did I do wrong?
- Why are you... - What's going on here?
Ms. Sunwoo Hee divorced Mr. Cha Kyung Soo...
five years ago.
The reason for divorce was domestic violence.
Gosh. You should have had a happy marriage.
Why... Why?
Darn it.
This smells delicious.
The smell of happiness.
1, 2, 3.
There you go.
I'm home.
Eun Seok called Ms. Min that she'll be late.
Why is she so busy?
It's because I asked her for a favor.
What did you ask her to do?
Uncle wanted to confirm the proposal himself,
so her proposal needed to be improved.
Your uncle did that?
Give out white t-shirts for free.
It will positively affect the sales at the shop.
The events will be held at the park and our shops.
In the proposal for our 40th anniversary event,
there are several suggestions for...
We've arrived, ma'am.
I wish this road would never end.
Eun Seok.
What's wrong?
Why did you turn back?
Well...
I thought I'd go and get some air.
But it's past midnight.
But why are you outside when it's past midnight?
I was the one who made you come home late.
I know you are very stressed out,
but how can you drink beer at this hour?
And I can't make someone to follow you around.
I am very worried about my unpredictable sister.
Most people in this world...
live like this.
But you don't belong to that group.
Is it still not clear?
Right. I almost forgot.
I got this from the second vendor.
Is that right?
But it's too dark to read.
I'm tired. I'll go in now.
What?
Where is Eun Seok?
She left at 5am.
She had to go somewhere to do some research.
5am?
Why is she working so hard?
It's because she got your mom's blood.
She's driven, and she never gives up.
She's trying to make sure her proposal passes...
so she can save her brother's reputation.
After the proposal passes, I should give her a break.
You should.
She's just passing through the marketing department.
Tell her that she doesn't need to try too hard.
Grandfather told her to make a contribution.
Besides, it's the 40th anniversary event.
It's only natural that she would feel pressured.
Why don't you buy Eun Seok lunch and tell her that?
I won't be going in today.
Why not?
I got something to take care of at home.
The analysis results of winter product sales...
from the past three years...
prove that sales increase as the season changes...
between the end of October and the start of November.
Gosh, I thought nobody was in yet.
How is it? I made it with my own recipe.
It's delicious.
Is it delicious? What do you think, Mom?
What did you put in it to make it so soft?
It's my secret.
How could you keep that a secret?
I'm trying to copy Mr. Baker's recipe.
By the way, why do you call him that?
He's the baker, so I call him Mr. Baker.
I'm supposed to call him Boss, but he hates that.
So he told me to call him "Mr. Baker".
Why are you so quiet?
You could be a baker if you keep trying.
All the other cuisines don't matter to me.
This is the real deal.
To get a chance to work there, I got in line...
every day as the first customer for three months.
Ji An should try this too.
Right. Ji An came to see me.
She got into the Marketing Team.
I am here, Mr. Baker.
Start packing from over there.
Okay.
Are these all?
Why did you bake so little?
I wanted to bake only a little.
You can't do that.
Some people come from afar to get your bread.
I don't make bread to please other people.
Then why do you?
Gosh. Just get to work.
Okay.
Right. Ms. Sunwoo asked for your bank details...
so she can pay you for the bread.
Bank details?
I can just send her the invoice, right?
Tell her to send it to your account.
- My account? - Yes.
- Why? - What?
I need cash. That's all.
But we get cash every day.
I am desperate for cash.
Are you satisfied now?
Just pack these.
Okay.
Why are these here?
I'll send a taxi again. Just take that, and come.
Oh, no. I already ordered food.
Are you giving up wild eel for delivery food?
It's not good if people see us outside together.
And I can't have lunch break for too long.
You are more careful than I am.
I think my food is here. I have to go.
Gi Jae, I will eat lunch with you.
But you said you can't.
You asked me to pay you back.
Aren't you going to tell me?
You have a shopper. Why did you ask for mine?
You asked for about 10 women's outfits,
shoes, bags, and even accessories.
You should fire that one. She's got a cheap mouth.
If she doesn't answer my questions, she's out.
You think I'm in some kind of a secret relationship,
but I am not. So just wait a few months.
Just a few months? What is this about?
By the way, what was your dream job?
My dream job?
What did you write down when you were young?
You wrote "president" and "chairman" too, right?
When I was in high school,
I ran away from home to be a fashion designer.
You?
I succeeded to get on a plane to Paris,
but I got caught at the airport there...
and got shoved into the plane coming back.
But you were such a good student back then.
How could you do such a ridiculous thing?
The son of Sungho Medical being a fashion designer?
But you wanted to become a war photographer.
Me?
Were you in 8th grade or 9th grade back then?
You fell in love with Robert Capa's photograph.
- "The Falling Soldier". - Yes.
"The true journalism is in the battlefield."
Do you remember that?
I was immature back then. That wasn't my dream job.
And Robert Capa was a handsome man.
That's why I said that.
Keep this in case of emergency.
No, Ji An.
If you reveal that now, we will all die.
Just ask them to send you abroad.
We can't help it now.
I know I shouldn't have done it.
But it was all for you.
Mom.
Made by Ji Soo.
(Are you finally an apprentice?)
Are you finally an apprentice?
What's this?
I knew she's the only one who recognizes my talent.
(Ji An)
(Whiner)
Hey.
It looks great, doesn't it?
I really made that myself.
Did you really make that?
It's just like the bread they sell at a bakery.
Right?
Dad bought me an oven. I made it with that,
and Dad ate my bread for breakfast.
Did Dad finish working at the Daejeon site?
No. He came back before it ended.
He hurt his arm, so he had to quit.
Is that right?
Okay. Go, and work. I'll hang up now.
Dad.
Ji An,
you must not...
go to them.
Why do you want to stop me?
Why shouldn't I go?
When other people ignore me and despise me,
it makes me so miserable, poor, and servile.
I can't stand it anymore.
Why can't I be a daughter of a rich family?
My real parents are conglomerates.
Why can't I go when they're rich?
I mean,
why did you even pick me up in the first place?
No matter how much I tried,
I was already disqualified.
I already don't have good grades or qualifications.
How could I get good grades...
when I was working at the same time?
How can I win against kids who got pocket money,
had private lessons, and studied abroad?
Dad collapsed while chasing after you.
He was following your car, but you ignored him.
Look at her.
She lied about the delivery food.
Does she like that work that much?
It wasn't her dream job anyway.
Seriously.
Here you go.
I couldn't believe it when you said...
you were going to treat me a cup of cafe latte.
Don't look down on the vending machine.
From latte to espresso, it's got everything.
Are you kidding me?
You always drink 30-cent vending machine coffee.
So how much did you manage to save?
Why would you want to know that?
You must've saved a lot. How much...
Did you already save 100,000 dollars?
I got discharged from the army only a year ago.
How could I have saved 100,000 dollars?
Is 100,000 dollars a joke?
You said you get paid well working as a waiter.
Well, if you consider my university tuition saved,
you could say I saved about that much.
What?
Look.
1 year is 365 days. 4 years are 1460 days.
If you spend 10 dollars a day for 1460 days,
the total sum is 14,600 dollars.
But you don't just use 10 dollars a day.
Anyway,
one semester of university costs 5,000 dollars.
Multiply that by 8 and it becomes 40,000 dollars.
If you combine everything, it becomes 60,000 dollars.
And that's the minimum amount.
If you work two jobs for four years,
It's not 100,000 dollars. It's over 200,000 dollars.
Really?
If I start a business with 200,000 dollars,
10 years later,
I would be able to hire university graduates.
But I would still go to university.
Many people in this country...
don't treat those who have no degree as humans.
I won't treat them as humans either.
Will I not be a human...
if people don't treat me like a human?
You're so good at talking, aren't you?
We live in a world where your money is who you are.
"High School Graduate Seo Ji Woo..."
"Hires a Seoul National University Graduate."
Gosh.
Wouldn't that be amazing?
- You're insane. - Excuse me.
(Dad)
What's up, Dad?
What time do you finish your studies?
Why don't we have dinner together?
What?
(40th Anniversary Event Proposal)
Here's the proposal.
You must've worked really hard.
Let me see.
(40th Anniversary Event Proposal)
Did she finish already?
Yes.
I pushed Ms. Seo...
to finish it by this afternoon.
Why did you push her?
I thought you were in a rush.
Did I tell you to rush it?
You didn't tell me directly.
Can you communicate through telepathy?
No, I can't.
You can't communicate through telepathy.
I don't want to know about why you thought...
that I was in a rush.
What I want to know...
is why you finished your work...
by pushing your staff.
You must work all night without any sleep...
and type this in all day...
while having gimbap for lunch...
to have this finished by now.
Don't tell me you didn't know that.
I was just being considerate of my boss.
And you don't care about your staff.
You may go.
Okay.
I can do it.
I must do it. I must do it.
You've gone all haughty because you're doing well.
Why would you leave your phone at the office...
and make me come to find you?
It's almost time to go,
and I've already submitted my proposal.
Boss says we're having dinner together.
To congratulate you on finishing the proposal.
I can't today. I have an appointment.
You can't?
Our boss is treating us Korean beef barbecue.
I will talk to him.
Today,
I need to go home early.
Mr. Seo. This came for you.
- Thank you. - No problem.
What's this?
(Romance of the Century Exhibit)
(Cinema Paradiso)
(VIP invitations to "Casablanca")
- Take it out. - You take it out.
You're so bad at staring,
but you always challenge me.
Goodness.
(Movie ticket event)
"Propose with an acrostic poem".
No, they are screening "Casablanca".
You said it's your favorite movie.
Why? Are you going to apply...
and take me to see it?
I might die from embarrassment.
Who would do this for two movie tickets?
I'd rather not see it.
Soo A,
I got the tickets to "Casablanca".
I think you should take them.
I will hand it to you on the rooftop.
So tell me when you can spare me some time.
Ji Ho.
Hey, Dad.
Hey.
- Have you finished? - Yes.
What are you doing here?
I've come to buy you dinner.
- Let's go. - Okay.
All right.
You're being silly.
All you wanted was just some dakgalbi?
It's been a year since I bought you dinner.
I bet Ji An did the same.
You're brainwashed that expensive food is good.
To taste really good foods, trust your tongue.
All right. This restaurant is good. It's delicious.
Have some more.
I wonder why you wanted to have dinner with me.
So I can't really enjoy it.
I should've...
asked for your understanding first.
Since you moved out,
I told Ji Tae...
to get married and stay in your room.
Did he say yes?
Why not? He's got a room.
You'll move in again after the exam.
So I was wondering...
if you could...
tell Ji Tae to get married. Could you?
- Me? - Yes.
You are still young. You can get by...
living in a gosiwon for a while, right?
I'll take care of your rent, okay?
So let's get Ji Tae married.
Okay. Don't worry about it.
I don't think Ji Tae will listen to me,
but I have this mysterious power...
to move people's hearts.
Gosh.
- Ji Ho. - Yes?
I'll do anything to make you...
not need to work for your university tuition...
All right.
I'll work hard,
so you must live the life you always dreamt of.
Don't give up, okay?
There's no other Seo Ji Ho under the sun.
And you only live once.
Exactly. You know what? I adore myself.
Why would I stop myself from doing what I want?
Don't worry, and be happy.
It's good to see you being so high-spirited.
Can I have another bottle of soju?
Why today?
What should I do?
Hello?
You're Ms. No's daughter.
It's nice to see you again.
You too.
Are you here to see my mother?
What? Well... Yes.
I brought some wild ginseng.
Okay.
I'm home.
Why are you home so early today?
Well, we have a visitor.
Ms. No.
You didn't go home yet?
I said I won't meet anyone and get some rest today.
I've committed a grave sin. I made a mistake.
I'm so sorry.
Please forgive me.
What are you doing? You're embarrassing me.
Is it wrong to end my sponsorship?
I just thought Taeyoung Foundation...
would be a better choice than Mirae Foundation...
to support poor students who are gifted in arts.
I just did as I was told by Ms. No Jin Hee.
She wanted me...
to tell Shimsung that you found your daughter.
Do you think I didn't know that?
And she promised me.
She'd never tell anyone about your daughter.
Of course she wouldn't.
She's the wife of Shimsung Corporation's owner.
She wouldn't be so shallow to spread a rumor.
If she did,
she'd disgrace herself and her company.
The construction of our boarding school stopped.
Without the donation you promised,
we won't be able to pay for the construction.
Then you'd go bankrupt.
We put up the building because you promised us.
I didn't promise anything. I said I'd wait and see.
You've always sponsored our foundation...
saying the same thing.
When I said that,
you didn't get on my nerves.
So please...
I really don't know why I did that.
I just wanted to educate the children well.
But I didn't have enough money for a new building.
So I fell for Ms. No Jin Hee's words.
It's not about education. It's about real estate.
You bought the building site under your name.
Well, it's...
Ms. No, I'll be doomed without your donation.
I put all my fortune into this.
I even got a loan for this.
And private loans too.
To hold out until you get the money from me.
Please help me just this once.
Please forgive me for old time's sake.
I know this is crying over spilt milk,
but I was careless.
I just needed to pay the construction fee.
You knew it'd be no use crying over spilt milk.
You didn't see this coming when you did that?
When you supported them at the gallery,
I knew it was you.
Ms. No, introduce your daughter to us.
How dare you deceive No Myung Hee unscathed?
I've committed a grave sin.
I'll do whatever you want.
If you committed a grave sin, go into a grave.
Your husband is retired. You blew all your money.
And now, you're in debt.
You'll have to live on your son's salary.
Your second son in the sales team of Haesung FNB.
Was it Hyun Soo?
He's promoted to Assistant Manager...
in our Planning Team.
Pardon?
But your first son will remain unemployed.
Because No Jin Hee won't be able to get him...
a position at Hotel MJ as she has promised.
So you should retire...
and cook for your son and husband at home.
Ms. No.
You, Jin So Mi.
I know you have a temper and guts.
If you dare talk about my daughter again,
your second son will lose his job as well.
Forever.
Chairman Jin, take care.
I'm Choi Eun Seok.
I came here because Mother called.
How dare you deceive No Myung Hee unscathed?
Is it over?
What?
You're finally up here.
Was it fun to watch?
Gosh, you seem shocked.
What?
Well... A little.
You just thought Mom is elegant and charismatic.
Should I call it Mom's territory?
Is it her pride? Lie?
Deception.
She never forgives that.
She makes sure to let them pay for it.
Housekeepers, drivers, or private tutors.
If anyone leaks a word about our family,
she'll do anything to make them lose their job.
It's not just us. Everyone's the same.
We have our own hot line.
I see.
We pay them a lot instead.
Their salaries are much higher than normal.
They should be worth it.
There's a girl who spread a rumor about Do Kyung.
Mom made even her father lose his job.
(Soo A, I got the tickets to "Casablanca".)
(I think you should take them.)
She's just not texting me back since we're over.
I'm sure she's fine.
Soo A.
What's wrong? Are you sick?
Where?
Hey, why did you leave home like this?
Can't you call a taxi?
Where's your roommate?
I couldn't get a taxi to come here.
Wait.
I'll take you to a hospital.
Let me just take you to a hospital.
What for?
Because I'm all you have.
I'm all you have.
You know that.
I'm sorry, Soo A.
To be honest...
I want to live with you.
I want to.
I really mean it.
I love you, Soo A.
Soo A. Soo A.
Soo A.
Nothing else is wrong.
She just has a bad cold and is under much stress.
She became too weak.
She can leave when the drip is done.
Feed her well, and let her rest.
Okay. Thank you.
Ji An.
Why are you here so late?
Mom.
I know everything.
"Everything"? What do you know?
How could you do such a thing?
How could you do that?
How could you swap me and Ji Soo?
Ji An.
Come with me.
Come and beg for forgiveness with me.
Ji An.
Dad.
Why didn't you tell me then?
Why didn't you tell me back then...
that it wasn't me?
It was Ji Soo.
Come with me now.
I can't stay in that house a single day longer.
It's suffocating. My heart beats out of my chest.
I can't use the card my new mom gave me.
I eat and sleep in their house,
wear clothes bought with their money,
and take taxis, and it all drives me crazy.
So come with me,
tell them the truth, and beg for forgiveness.
What is this?
How dare you come here without a call?
It must be so important if they're here so late.
Are you Seo Tae Soo?
What brought you both here?
It's not Ji An.
Ji Soo...
is your daughter.
What do you mean?
What did you just say?
Ji An is my daughter.
Ji Soo...
Ji Soo is your daughter.
Say that again.
Who... Ji An is your daughter?
What nonsense...
What nonsense are you talking about?
Are you saying that you sent us your daughter?
I deserve to die for this.
It was me. I did it. He had no idea.
Shut your mouth.
You have no right to make any excuses.
Ms. Min.
Did you check up on their other kids?
(Resignation)
I'm really sorry.
Mom.
Dad. Dad.
Ms. Min, my mom and dad...
Were they here like this all night long?
How dare you come back here?
I came to apologize too.
But... But could you please...
let my mom and dad leave?
They were here all night like this.
My parents...
You dare call us your parents?
I apologize.
Take these off right now.
Strip her of everything I paid for.
Strip her naked, and throw her out.
Yes, ma'am.
Dad.
What should we do now?
Back then...
I'm so sorry for saying all those awful things.
But you should've still told me then.
No.
How could he after everything I said?
But he still should have.
He should have told me that it wasn't me.
(40th anniversary event)
23rd,
24th, 28th.
Yoon Ha Jung.
23rd.
Finish preparations.
Did you ask for me, sir?
I like the new proposal.
PR, marketing, and the 40th anniversary...
all in one package.
I see why you decided to pull up the schedule,
and I like the idea of hosting a contest...
to select one as our Design Team's prints.
It was Seo Ji An's idea.
There's not much time left.
- Can she do it in time? - Don't worry.
Ms. Seo already did a lot of the research...
while writing the proposal.
We'll mention this event in our PR video.
In our corporation's promotion video?
The chairman's orders.
I see.
Call me when you finish making our flyers...
as mentioned in the detailed proposal.
Are you done separating our files from FNB's?
You can label them before lunch.
Before lunch? No way.
I have to check the names of our winter releases...
and make a report about them.
Hello, everyone.
Do you know we're shooting...
a PR video for Haesung FNB and...
MJ Hotel's expansion into Europe?
We've decided to include...
the 40th anniversary event in that clip.
But Haesung Apparel has no plans to enter Europe.
The chairman's orders.
It's because the event includes many programs...
that foreigners would show interest in.
Thanks to Ms. Seo.
Then we must make sure everything looks good.
Correct. The 40th anniversary event...
is meaningful since Haesung Corporation...
began from Haesung Apparel.
It's also important because...
it'll boost our sales which is in a plateau.
This is the first big-scale event...
for both me and you all.
We'll do our best.
That means nothing. You must do well.
We can't ruin our PR video.
This would greatly affect your performance ratings.
Seriously?
Ms. Seo will be under a lot of pressure.
I hope you'll all help her out.
Ms. Seo, I hope you can manage.
You all heard what he said.
Let's give Ms. Seo a round of applause.
Thank you.
Ms. Seo, come to my office.
Come now with the proposal.
Did you ask to see me?
Speak freely. My office isn't bugged.
No, sir. I don't want to mess up at work.
Not bad.
Have a seat.
Seo Hyun said you seemed scared by seeing...
what happened to Ms. Jin.
Yes.
It wasn't just because...
Ms. Jin told others about you.
The Head of State Affairs will be my father-in-law.
And Seo Hyun will marry the New World Group.
Right.
I hadn't heard that you were engaged.
I'm not engaged yet.
I'll meet So Ra when...
she returns this winter,
and we'll be engaged about three months later.
And I'll get married sometime next autumn.
Seo Hyun said she was betrothed.
I guess you are too.
Our marriage...
plays a big part in strengthening our company.
That's why it had to be.
If your cover's blown before you're ready,
our arranged marriages could have fallen through.
We don't get into losing deals.
Marriage...
is a deal?
They look people up...
to make sure they're eligible.
It's not just any deal.
Over 10 years, Ms. Jin...
got regular support and large donations.
So Mom couldn't forgive Ms. Jin for what she did.
I see.
You were already stressed by planning a huge event.
Was seeing Mom angry put more pressure on you?
Still, did you have to leave so early for work?
I had so much to do.
If that's all, I'd like to leave.
Hang in there until the anniversary.
We've decided to include...
the 40th anniversary event in that clip.
The chairman's orders.
It's also important because...
it'll boost our sales which is in a plateau.
Ms. Seo will be under a lot of pressure.
Ms. Seo, I hope you can manage.
Why is everything...
getting so muddled up?
What should I do?
(Exported technology and products)
Can we talk for a moment?
I think I'll tell the kids...
that I got a job.
A job?
You know, the restaurant.
It's the same thing. I earn money.
Why say that?
Don't do it if you're ashamed.
Must you put it like that?
Why do you think I accepted the offer?
I told you...
I was going to start a business again.
It takes more than just words.
How can I believe you?
It's just a pipe dream.
Then why didn't you stop me...
after I was fired during the financial crisis?
You were young back then.
You're old, and you've lost your touch.
You can't start a business now.
I'm doing this to get Ji An back.
I'll do whatever it takes to succeed.
To get Ji An back...
and send Ji Soo back to her parents.
Do you think they'll let us be?
I want to go over there right now...
and beg for forgiveness.
I'd give my life to get Ji An back now.
Look.
If Ji An were to find out while we're in this mess,
how ashamed...
and distraught do you think she'd be?
That's why I won't go over there yet.
Now you know.
If you're the wife I wed over 30 years ago,
don't think of opening the restaurant.
You'll regret it later.
I can't...
trust you anymore.
If your business succeeds,
I'll quit then.
Before lunch? No way.
I have to check the names of our winter releases...
and make a report about them.
Why were you so surprised?
It's like you did something wrong.
It was all so sudden. Why are you here?
Get in before you get noticed.
I...
Can you please stay quiet?
What?
Please stay quiet.
I have a lot to think about.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
I'm home.
Sit down.
I had to talk to you, so I had Do Kyung to bring you.
You kept running away here and there.
We could never see you at home.
Listen to what we say now,
and answer honestly.
Yes.
What do you think...
about studying abroad?
Pardon?
Did the work stress you out?
Didn't you hear us?
Study abroad.
Mother and Father will send you...
to the United States to study art.
I noticed last time in the gallery.
I think...
you should study art before it gets too late.
What do you say?
We haven't discussed it with the chairman yet,
but it'd be better to reveal you...
to the public after you come back from study.
You should leave as Seo Ji An...
if you go study abroad.
Why are you so quiet?
Don't you want to go?
Do you like working at the company more?
I...
I'm...
Seo Ji An.
No.
Choi Eun Seok.
Eun Seok.
Go study abroad.
You couldn't do it because you lived in that house.
(My Golden Life)
Will you have breakfast with me?
I'm starving.
Mr. Baker.
He looks so different all dressed up.
Oh, hello.
Do you remember me?
What are you doing here?
- I'm Ji An's brother. - What?
Now that you're a regular employee...
and the vice president loves you,
you're devoting your life.
Sir, you should see what's on the bulletin board.
The bulletin board?
Who did this?
Call the board of directors now.
We're revealing Eun Seok today.
We're revealing you today, Eun Seok.
Hello.
My name is Seo Ji An.